hello ladies and gentlemen you left at the king sato fuel
sachs
we can see here a super beautiful mutuals do not mark quality
it is m scary decor originating from the brand but do not hold
e which is built by must admit
as long as you have it's overwhelming which is very rare on the market
canon that ceased production in 2008
steve that was the case but in 2008 the most expensive on the market in terms of
pick-up f-150
the most luxurious
the most opulent the audience
the super model failure with which we landed
by its luxury by its finish
by its external appearance
then amounted to 8 5 points 4 liters borrow from f150
e
here we see and it is rather its configuration 4 doors
with a box to bend
31 people tried to help bent wood
vallorbe
it's a part of quebec
it's one of the only
still existing on the market which has just been turned over for the
owner of quebec issime who is renting at paule
bank uses fish will try the reversing camera
that moment she something
you are very very well equipped one can see here the right of pau etc
for a lot of coins a lot of things borrowed fraud
for a current third party called thrashing extension
you have to close in front of a box a bit more slowly than it
to lift it
the rac to put it on
and we will have a box
roxy to dakar by kate
to turn it on the TV we have with respect to the turbin
chirac 800 kill me
so I write my role with a high school pad
with the line emblems anyway
on the seats we can see the small life that opens
these big cabins short shortly
same thing if is sure of people
2 2
but impossible
others will be here the entrance to the showroom
at the fuel king thanks to this internship
for all your calls for help and security
here is at 6 40 or so
why death on the edge of the job helper
that's when Portugal welcomes this week-end
so heated electric seats with my words
Central console
usually aluminum
tried woodwork
we will try the system but gps navigation system so we put here
for the return of the 6 nations
you refer to yourself you are
when we also have something interesting to show us in
going towards the reversing camera promised on the picture
and the camera talked here and about the world rearview mirrors
with scenes that of ruckus in investors
so true that before he has
we will show you without closing the door
72 thousand kilometers
we can currently see quebec
with several settings settings
the 2
the temperature here driving
travel radio settings cogeco and shaw
the case by case weave so to populations two wheels
the cabaret for the cateau
here
we'll show you a little motorization rise very nice gift
click here and there
it's such an internship
I see fuel
half of the planet
triple double points
the king of the rope in bantamweight
engine it takes four dairies time
just recently finished three games without a loss and leaves the bank has
been respected james accidented with the door
facing the cold rain
the bank
these words the banner when we have words
move here directly to this wise
6 40 euros was released in August
next match
barge the expert and adopts magnificent sales room
scared of me
the wonder of this huge membership room
more than 200 trucks inside an inventory
it was a little bit of input that you say hello what you will do
claude again of a rival
so here is so contact us by phone sacred to four
this scene kate kate kate 7 sept
take the door